Refresh COMMAND, add topics: command-args, key-specs (#1697)
redis/redis-doc: topics/key-specs.md

# Key specifications

> A key spec a a map, coanting information about the indices of keys within the argument array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A key spec is a map, containing information about the indices of keys within the argument array.
```

> It is a more flexible and powerful tool to descibe key postions than the old (first-key, last-key, key-step) schme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is a more flexible and powerful tool to describe key potions than the old (first-key, last-key, key-step) scheme.
```

            2 means 1/2 of the remaining args, 3 means 1/3, and so on.

### keynum

`keynum` has three nested fields:

 - `keynumidx`: Relative index (to the result of the begin_search step) where the arguments that
                contains the number of keys is.
 - `firstkey`: Relative index (to the result of the begin_search step) where the first key is
               found (Usually it's just after keynumidx, so it should be keynumidx+1)
 - `keystep`: How many args should we skip after finding a key, in order to find the next one.

Examples:
- `SET` has `range` of `[0,1,0]`
- `MSET` has `range` of `[-1,2,0]`
- `XREAD` has `range` of `[-1,1,2]`
- `ZUNION` has `start_search` of type `index` with value `1` and `find_keys` of type `keynum` with value `[0,1,1]`
- `AI.DAGRUN` has `start_search` of type `keyword` with value `[“LOAD“,1]` and `find_keys` of type `keynum` with value `[0,1,1]` (see https://oss.redislabs.com/redisai/master/commands/#aidagrun)

Note: this solution is not perfect as the module writers can come up with anything, but at least we will be able to find the key args of the vast majority of commands.

> If one of the above specs can’t describe the key positions, the module writer can always fall back to the `getkeys-api` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If one of the above specs can’t describe the key positions, the module writer can always fall back to the `COMMAND GETKEYS` option.
```
